CLDR-18014 Clarify kok locale macrolanguage change (#4178)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/downloads/cldr-46.md

    - Changed preferred wind speed preference for some locales to `meter-per-second`.
More preference changes are planned for the next release.
4. Minimization for likelySubtags removes many additional redundant mappings.
    - For example, the mapping `acy_Grek → acy_Grek_CY` is unnecessary, because the mapping `acy → acy_Latn_CY` is sufficient.
For the reason why, see the algorithm in [Likely Subtags](https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/tr35-73/tr35.html#likely-subtags).
    - The ordering in the file is more consistent: first the main mappings, then the mapping from region and/or script to likely language, then the data contributed by SIL.
    - The regions have been cleaned up: there are no entries with `ZZ`, and `001` is limited to artifical languages such as Interlingua. The only other macroregion code is in `und_419 → es_Latn_419` (Spanish‧Latin‧Latin America)
5. Macrolanguage mapping / locale canonicalization
   - Parent and defaultContent mappings have been added for Kara-Kalpak (`kaa`) and Konkani (`kok`); defaultContent mappings have been added for Kazakh (`kk`), Ladin (`lld`), Latgalian (`ltg`), Mócheno (`mhn`), and Chinese (Latin, China) (`zh_Latn_CN`).

>    - The predominant language encompassed by "kok" (Konkani macrolanguage) has been changed from "knn" (Konkani / individual language) to "gom" (Goan Konkani) in [CLDR-17121](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/issues/CLDR-17724)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The predominant language encompassed by "kok" (Konkani macrolanguage) has been changed from "knn" (Konkani / individual language) to "gom" (Goan Konkani) in [CLDR-17121](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-17121)
```

   		- The TC found that the predominant encompassed language is "gom" according to local governments and also industry practice; and the CLDR data in the "kok" locale has really been "gom" not "knn".

>    		- As a result, "knn" no longer canonicalizes to "kok"; instead, "gom" now canonicalizes to "kok".

Reviewer: In the generated page, these don't become sub-bullets. Maybe because of the tab characters? Please try indenting using just spaces. Turn off tabs if you can in your editor.

https://f3cb8336.cldr.pages.dev/downloads/cldr-46

Author: Okay, retried

>    		- The TC found that the predominant encompassed language is "gom" according to local governments and also industry practice; and the CLDR data in the "kok" locale has really been "gom" not "knn".
>    		- As a result, "knn" no longer canonicalizes to "kok"; instead, "gom" now canonicalizes to "kok".
> (CLDR follows long-standing industry practice in using a macrolanguage subtag instead of the predominant encompassed language. Other examples include the use of "zh" for Mandarin ("cmn") and the use of "ar" for Standard Arabic ("arb").)

Reviewer: fix indentation
```suggestion
   - The TC found that the predominant encompassed language is "gom" according to local governments and also industry practice; and the CLDR data in the "kok" locale has really been "gom" not "knn".
   - As a result, "knn" no longer canonicalizes to "kok"; instead, "gom" now canonicalizes to "kok".
   - (CLDR follows long-standing industry practice in using a macrolanguage subtag instead of the predominant encompassed language. Other examples include the use of "zh" for Mandarin ("cmn") and the use of "ar" for Standard Arabic ("arb").)
```

6. Language matching
    - Dropped the fallback mapping `desired="uk" → supported="ru"` (so that Ukrainian (`uk`) doesn't fall back to Russian (`ru`)).
        - Note: A fallback language is used when the user's primary language is unavailable,
and either the user does not have a secondary language in their settings (as on Android or iOS) or the secondary languages are also not available.
As a result of this change, when the primary and secondary languages are not available, the fallback language for Ukrainian would be the system default instead of Russian.
    - Added the mapping `desired="scn" → supported="it"` (Sicilian → Italian).

>     - Added the mapping (`gom`) to Konkani (`kok`) and `knn` to Konkani (`kok`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Changed the mapping `gom` → `kok` to `knn` → `kok` (Konkani); see also the Macrolanguage mapping change above.
```

Author: I thought we have both mappings now?

Reviewer: No, see the replacement here: https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr/pull/3701/files#diff-f91ebe3c751405905d86d9030adf2bea2861f2ad6adde92a947776c414eec302

We don't (or shouldn't?) need a language matcher mapping for the canonicalization that supplementalMetadata.xml specifies.

> 8. Transforms

Reviewer: FYI -- this is number 7 -- but the generated page has the correct number anyway
